Devdocs 3208 fix warnings (#1419)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/storefront/scripts-overview.md

To render scripts, the store must have BigCommerce’s Optimized one-page checkout enabled. This is the default checkout type for all new Stencil stores. Existing stores have to change the checkout type as detailed in this article manually. 

> Stencil themes from the marketplace support the [Optimized One-Page Checkout](https://support.bigcommerce.com/articles/Public/Optimized-Single-Page-Checkout#signup). However, there could be instances where the merchant maintains their private theme without the ability to support the Optimized one-page checkout. In this case, the merchant must add the theme support, following the steps [here](/stencil-docs/ZG9jOjIyMDY4MA-restyle-optimized-one-page-checkout).  

Reviewer: @bc-andreadao use human readable links. do a text search in the _redirects file I'm gonna Slack you.

```suggestion
Stencil themes from the marketplace support the [Optimized One-Page Checkout](https://support.bigcommerce.com/articles/Public/Optimized-Single-Page-Checkout#signup). However, there could be instances where the merchant maintains their private theme without the ability to support the optimized one-page checkout. In this case, the merchant must add the theme support, following the [one-page checkout steps](/stencil-docs/customizing-checkout/optimized-one-page-checkout).  
```
